Q: Why is the 68k library so slow?
A: Because. ;)

Q: How can I make it faster?
A: Try the lowest quality-level (esp. if you use freqdiv or freqmax).

Q: Why is there no .060 version?
A: Because there's really no point, nothing is gained by this.

Q: What about the emulated mulu.l calls on 060?
A: You noticed that, huh? ;) Well, GCC produces divul.l calls instead if I
   compile for 060, so that gets us just as far...
A: It's recommended that you run CyberPatcher/OxyPatcher or similar to
   avoid the impact of this.

Q: I have this mpeg-audio file and it refuses to play!
A: Try the medium quality-level (turns off CRC), some files are encoded with
   broken encoder that creates wrong CRCs...
A: Try the lowest quality-level (ignores streamerrors), some players have a
   maximum limit of errors, beware that this might cause audible artifacts!
A: If none of the above works, please contact me (and arrange for
   transferring a small snippet of the file).

Q: MAD's dithering sucks! How do I turn it off?
A: Really? Well, try the medium quality-level...

Q: I encoded this mp3 using LAME, and when I play it back the volume is
   higher/lower than the original, what's going on?!
A: This is normal, this is because LAME analyzed the peak amplitude and
   saved a ReplayGain value in the LAMEtag which is used to normalize the
   volume to avoid clipping and distortion during playback.

Q: The volume is too high/low, it's fine in other players that doesn't use
   mpega.library, and it used to be fine before, what's wrong?
A: This is not necessarily an error, see above. If you think it is, see below.
A: Well, I recently added ReplayGain support, it's possible that the info in
   the LAMEtag is wrong, try the medium quality-level to disable ReplayGain.

Q: There's this mpeg-audio file which produces really crap distortions in
   certain parts of the audio, what do I do?
A: Well, this could be a crap encoding, but it could also be that the audio
   doesn't quite fit in the output-range, try using the scale option, and
   lower it to about 80% (or maybe even lower)...

Q: Argh @#&%$! MakeCD pops up this requester saying there was an error in the
   middle of making an audio CD from my MP3s, what's going on?
A: Alot of MP3s have errors in them, either caused by buggy encoders or by
   broken transfers, VIA/Articia bugs/features or whatever. ;)
   To avoid getting these requesters you need to configure MakeCD to ignore
   all such errors, like so; Settings->Further Settings->IO Error: Ignore.
